Update name to Declarative Automation Bundles (#148)
databricks/bundle-examples: knowledge_base/job_read_secret/README.md

# Databricks job that reads a secret from a secret scope

> This example demonstrates how to define a secret scope and a job with a task that reads from it in a Declarative Automation Bundle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Declarative Automation Bundles example demonstrates how to define a secret scope and a job with a task that reads from it.
```
